Reorganize event management pages (#20401)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/events/_index.md

- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/identify-sensitive-data-leakage-in-apm-rum-with-sensitive-data-scanner/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Identify and redact sensitive data in Events with Sensitive Data Scanner"
- link: "https://app.datadoghq.com/event/configuration/quick-start"
  tag: "App"
  text: "Quick Start Guide"
---

{{< site-region region="us3,us5,gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">Event Management is not supported for this site.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

{{< callout url="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeYkh0jFy_wMCLGKZ5019H0DpFvq0fILvyJEt_gRyeGgvRymA/viewform" btn_hidden="false" header="Join the Beta!">}}
Join the Event Management beta to correlate Datadog and third party alerts, change events into actionable insights, centralize investigations, and manage critical issues faster as a team. Read the <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/dash-2022-new-feature-roundup/#event-management">announcement</a> to learn more.
{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

> Ingest, enrich & normalize, and correlate (see public beta) your events from any source into actionable insights. Datadog automatically creates events from various products including monitors, Watchdog, and Error Tracking. You can also track events generated from Agent and installed integrations. Event Management can also ingest events from any sources, including alert events from 3rd parties, change requests, deployments, configuration changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingest, enrich and normalize, and correlate (see public beta) your events from any source into actionable insights. Datadog automatically creates events from various products including monitors, Watchdog, and Error Tracking. You can also track events generated from the Agent and installed integrations. Event Management can also ingest events from any sources, including alert events from third parties, change requests, deployments, configuration changes.
```

More than 100 Datadog integrations support events collection, including [Kubernetes][1], [Docker][2], [Jenkins][3], [Chef][4], [Puppet][5], [Amazon ECS][6] or [Autoscaling][7], [Sentry][8], and [Nagios][9]. 

> {{< img src="service_management/events/events_explorer.png" alt="Events explorer display" >}}

Reviewer: I noticed that this screenshot has a Datadog employee email in it. I would recommend retaking this screenshot. If you need to, you can change the email displayed in the UI (and make it something generic) using developer tools > Inspect in the browser. Reach out if you need any help doing that.

Author: I reevaluated whether we need another picture of the Events Explorer and removed. Thanks for catching this!
